android/README.md, before:

# Introduction

Please refer to
https://k2-fsa.github.io/sherpa/onnx/android/index.html
for usage.

- [SherpaOnnx](./SherpaOnnx) It uses a streaming ASR model.

- [SherpaOnnx2Pass](./SherpaOnnx2Pass) It uses a streaming ASR model
  for the first pass and use a non-streaming ASR model for the second pass

- [SherpaOnnxKws](./SherpaOnnxKws) It demonstrates how to use keyword spotting

- [SherpaOnnxSpeakerIdentification](./SherpaOnnxSpeakerIdentification) It demonstrates
  how to use speaker identification

- [SherpaOnnxTts](./SherpaOnnxTts) It is for standalone text-to-speech.

- [SherpaOnnxTtsEngine](./SherpaOnnxTtsEngine) It is for text-to-speech engine;
   you can use it to replace the system TTS engine.

- [SherpaOnnxVad](./SherpaOnnxVad) It demonstrates how to use a VAD

- [SherpaOnnxVadAsr](./SherpaOnnxVadAsr) It uses a VAD with a non-streaming
  ASR model.

- [SherpaOnnxWebSocket](./SherpaOnnxWebSocket) It shows how to write a websocket
  client for the Python streaming websocket server.

- [SherpaOnnxAudioTagging](./SherpaOnnxAudioTagging) It shows how to use audio tagging.

- [SherpaOnnxAudioTaggingWearOS](./SherpaOnnxAudioTagging) It shows how to use audio tagging on WearOS.

Commit message:

Android demo for speaker diarization (#1423)

android/README.md, after:

# Introduction

Please refer to
https://k2-fsa.github.io/sherpa/onnx/android/index.html
for usage.

- [SherpaOnnxSpeakerDiarization](./SherpaOnnxSpeakerDiarization) It is for speaker diarization.

- [SherpaOnnx](./SherpaOnnx) It uses a streaming ASR model.

- [SherpaOnnx2Pass](./SherpaOnnx2Pass) It uses a streaming ASR model
  for the first pass and use a non-streaming ASR model for the second pass

- [SherpaOnnxKws](./SherpaOnnxKws) It demonstrates how to use keyword spotting

- [SherpaOnnxSpeakerIdentification](./SherpaOnnxSpeakerIdentification) It demonstrates
  how to use speaker identification

- [SherpaOnnxTts](./SherpaOnnxTts) It is for standalone text-to-speech.

- [SherpaOnnxTtsEngine](./SherpaOnnxTtsEngine) It is for text-to-speech engine;
   you can use it to replace the system TTS engine.

- [SherpaOnnxVad](./SherpaOnnxVad) It demonstrates how to use a VAD

- [SherpaOnnxVadAsr](./SherpaOnnxVadAsr) It uses a VAD with a non-streaming
  ASR model.

- [SherpaOnnxWebSocket](./SherpaOnnxWebSocket) It shows how to write a websocket
  client for the Python streaming websocket server.

- [SherpaOnnxAudioTagging](./SherpaOnnxAudioTagging) It shows how to use audio tagging.

- [SherpaOnnxAudioTaggingWearOS](./SherpaOnnxAudioTagging) It shows how to use audio tagging on WearOS.
